Rename `blowup` and `blow_up_points`  to ` blow_up` and `blow_up_points`, and other intersection theory changes (#4526)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: experimental/IntersectionTheory/docs/src/AbstractVarietyMaps.md

# Abstract Variety Maps

## Types

> The OSCAR type for abstract varieties is `AbstractVarietyMap`.

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```suggestion
The OSCAR type for abstract variety maps is `AbstractVarietyMap`.
```
